No one knows Master Yun's Zongjun
You can't get it till dawn
But I am you. You cheated to find your sister-in-law.
True or False
By Miss Xiao's judgment
This is Master Yun's note
How did you get it?
Why tell you that I dare not say it is fake?
You are all fans of Master Yun
until
He used to leave a heavy red dot where he wrote
Just like red, this is Master Yun's handwriting
I can't fake my collection of paintings by Master Yun
This is his handwriting.
You wall weeds are in the wind
What about the evidence? I'm the evidence.
Your signature
I personally asked Master Yun for it for Xiaoyun
There is a limit to lying
You guys really worked hard to win
Hmph, no one has seen Master Yun
Just a blurry photo
How can anyone believe it?
Lin Ziyun
Lin Zi said that you are really smart and sharp-eyed.
You are not serious about cheating.
How could a little guy like you have met Master Yun?
It's impossible for him to see me casually
But if I were the president of Lu Enterprises
Still have such experience